README.md, before:

# PODIO benchmarking

# Requirements

## python for analyzing
Python3

- `uproot4`
- `awkward1`
- `pandas` (only used internally for easier handling of some row-wise summary
  statistics)
- `numpy`

``` sh
pip install uproot4 awkward1
```


## podio
[podio](https://github.com/AIDASoft/podio) with the changes from
[podio#155](https://github.com/AIDASoft/podio/pull/155) merged in order to have
the `TimedWriter` and `TimedReader` available.

<!-- ## EDM4HEP -->
<!-- [EDM4HEP](https://github.com/key4hep/EDM4HEP) installed. -->

## k4SimDelphes
[`k4SimDelphes`](https://github.com/key4hep/k4SimDelphes) has to be built from
source, because some changes are necessary to instrument the Delphes readers to
actually use the `TimedWriter` to produce the benchmark output for the writing
case.

### Necessary changes
To instrument the readers from `k4SimDelphes` the `podioWriter` has to be a
`TimedWriter`. I.e.

```cpp
WriterT podioWriter(outputFile, &eventStore);
```
has to be replaced with

``` cpp
podio::benchmark::BenchmarkRecorder benchmarkRecorder(outputFile + ".bench.root");
podio::TimedWriter<WriterT> podioWriter(benchmarkRecorder, outputFile, &eventStore);
```

Where here the output file of the benchmark recorder is simply reusing the
original ouput file name. After compilation all the available standalone readers
will produce the edm4hep output and an additional root file with the benchmark
output.

Commit message:

Semi automated generation of pythia based benchmarks
Fixing some bugs along the way. No results yet.

README.md, after:

# PODIO benchmarking

Repository for some tools that allow the easy analysis of podio benchmarks in
the output format that is produced by the `podio::TimedReader` and
`podio::TimedWriter` decorators.

## Requirements

There is not yet a completely automatic setup for this, so here is just a list
of requirements that need to be built.

### python for analyzing
Python3

- `uproot4`
- `awkward1`
- `pandas` (only used internally for easier handling of some row-wise summary
  statistics)
- `numpy`

``` sh
pip install uproot4 awkward1
```


### podio
[podio](https://github.com/AIDASoft/podio) with the changes from
[podio#155](https://github.com/AIDASoft/podio/pull/155) merged in order to have
the `TimedWriter` and `TimedReader` available.

### EDM4HEP
[EDM4HEP](https://github.com/key4hep/EDM4HEP) needs to be built in any case for
running `k4SimDelphes`

### k4SimDelphes
[`k4SimDelphes`](https://github.com/key4hep/k4SimDelphes) has to be built from
source, because some changes are necessary to instrument the Delphes readers to
actually use the `TimedWriter` to produce the benchmark output for the writing
case.

#### Necessary changes
To instrument the readers from `k4SimDelphes` the `podioWriter` has to be a
`TimedWriter`. I.e.

```cpp
WriterT podioWriter(outputFile, &eventStore);
```
has to be replaced with

``` cpp
podio::benchmark::BenchmarkRecorder benchmarkRecorder(outputFile + ".bench.root");
podio::TimedWriter<WriterT> podioWriter(benchmarkRecorder, outputFile, &eventStore);
```

Where here the output file of the benchmark recorder is simply reusing the
original ouput file name. After compilation all the available standalone readers
will produce the edm4hep output and an additional root file with the benchmark
output.
